So there's a long style options--flags, and these are really helpful for humans, especially if you're
writing some complex scripts.
So you might not be familiar with what every command does.
So like, [chuckles] who's going to remember what all those do?
Probably not too many people.
But if you look at 'rsync' command: look at all these different options, you can do. So this help page is
a lot more helpful.
And it has these "--style-things".
And some of them, you can just find out what it might do based on the word: so --recursive.
It tells you here that it's going to recursive directories.
But, you know, if you just saw this option in a script, you might know that is trying to go into
all the directories as opposed to if you were just using this '-r' .
Yeah, so even like this one, '--human-readable'.
There you go, if you just had '-h' and someone who's unfamiliar with this 'rsync'  command, they
might not know what it is, but "output numbers in human readable format".
So it's it's nice to have these, too; especially for writing scripts.
And sometimes these 'rsync'; commands will have a whole bunch of different flags set to them to do
what you want.
So it's nice to just nice in your script to have the option to do both.